Update assign-role-permissions.md to clarify assignment instructions. (#8579)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/assign-roles-permissions.md

## Assign a user role

> To assign a user role, in Teams, select the team name and click **More options** (**...**) > **Manage team**. On the **Members** tab, you can add members and choose owners and moderators (if you have sufficient permissions). For more information , see [Change team settings in Teams](https://support.office.com/article/ce053b04-1b8e-4796-baa8-90dc427b3acc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign a user role, in Teams, select the team name and then select **More options** (**...**) > **Manage team**. On the **Members** tab, you can add members and choose owners and moderators (if you have sufficient permissions). For more information, see [Manage team settings and permissions in Teams](https://support.office.com/article/ce053b04-1b8e-4796-baa8-90dc427b3acc).
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The **Manage team** option will not appear for pinned channels. Select the team name under *Your teams* further below and click **More options** (**...**) to the right of the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Manage team** option will not appear for pinned channels. Select the team name under *Your teams* further below and then select **More options** (**...**) to the right of the name.
```
